Demo: https://www.chainshot.com/article/ozen

We built a Web3 Spotify-disruptor where artists get paid directly in real time with no third-party intermediaries, all on the blockchain.

The problem with web2 streaming platforms such as Apple Music and Spotify is that artists get paid quarterly, but their music is streamed 24 hours a day. Artists deserve to be paid in the intervals in which their music is consumed. Furthermore, artists only receive an average of 15% of the profits for their music hosted on streaming platforms. Our streaming dapp 'Ozen' solves this problem using web3 protocols that allow artists to be paid in real-time with no intermediary parties taking a slice of the pie. Through the power of the blockchain, consumers can finally pay artists directly, and they are in turn rewarded by deeper and more meaningful connections with the artists they stream. When you listen on Ozen, artists and audiences are brought together in a new way that empowers creator and consumer, all thanks to the power of on-chain analytics and payment protocols.

The central tech that powers `Ozen' is Superfluid, which allows cashflows to be executed automatically on chain over time in a non-interactive way. We created our own supertoken so that users can stream to artists OR artists can stream tokens to users in order to promote their music. Artists can also interact with Streaming DAOs and have personalized deals with DAOS (think of DAOS as the new democratic music label). All of our data is being stored and streamed directly from SKALE, a decentralized storage platform. We deployed Ozen on polygon network for fast and low transaction fees, and in anticipation of the Zk-EVM platform which will be launching soon. We plan on adding an added layer of security by storing data on a blockchain in a decentralized manner through the use of protocols such as Privy.
